A palindrome is a word, number, phrase, or other sequence of characters which reads the same backward as forward.
Examples are :
taco cat
madam
racecar
Sentence-length palindromes may be written when allowances are made for adjustments to capital letters, punctuation, and word dividers, such as :
"A man, a plan, a canal, Panama!"
"Was it a car or a cat I saw?"
"No 'x' in Nixon"
Composing literature in palindromes is an example of constrained writing.
The word palindrome was first published by Henry Peacham in his book, The Truth of Our Times (1638). It is derived from the Greek roots palin (πάλιν; "again") and dromos (δρóμος; "way, direction").
Palindromes date back at least to 79 AD, as a palindrome was found as a graffito at Herculaneum, a city buried by ash in that year.
This palindrome, called the Sator Square, consists of a sentence written in Latin:
"Sator Arepo Tenet Opera Rotas"
It is remarkable for the fact that the first letters of each word form the first word, the second letters form the second word, and so forth.
The palindromic Latin riddle
"In girum imus nocte et consumimur igni"
("we go in a circle at night and are consumed by fire") describes the behavior of moths.
It is likely that this palindrome is from medieval rather than ancient times.
Some well-known English palindromes are, "Able was I ere I saw Elba",[3] "A man, a plan, a canal – Panama",[4][5] "Madam, I'm Adam" and "Never odd or even".

English palindromes of notable length include mathematician Peter Hilton's
"Doc, note: I dissent. A fast never prevents a fatness. I diet on cod"
and Scottish poet Alastair Reid's
"T. Eliot, top bard, notes putrid tang emanating, is sad; I'd assign it a name: gnat dirt upset on drab pot toilet."
There are also word-unit palindromes in which the unit of reversal is the word
("Is it crazy how saying sentences backwards creates backwards sentences saying how crazy it is?").
Word-unit palindromes were made popular in the recreational linguistics community by J. A. Lindon in the 1960s.
Occasional examples in English were created in the 19th century.
Several in French and Latin date to the Middle Ages.
Palindromes often consist of a sentence or phrase, e.g.,
"Mr. Owl ate my metal worm"
"Do geese see God?"
"Was it a car or a cat I saw?"
"Murder for a jar of red rum"
"Go hang a salami, I'm a lasagna hog"
Punctuation, capitalization, and spaces are usually ignored.
Some, such as
"Rats live on no evil star"
"Live on time, emit no evil"
and "Step on no pets"
include the spaces.
A phonetic palindrome is a portion of speech that is identical or roughly identical when reversed.
It can arise in context where language is played with, for example in slang dialects like verlan.
