Army
The army is the part of a country's military that fights on the ground.

Shovel
A shovel is a tool used for digging.

Physical change
A physical change is a change in which no new substances are formed and most physical changes are reversible.

Bath
A bath  or bathtub  is a thing people sit in when washing, to wash all their body; the bath is normally in the bathroom.

Ziggy Stardust
Ziggy Stardust is a fictional character.

Terry Gilliam
Terry Gilliam  is an American-born cartoonist and filmmaker.

Belize
Belize is a country in Central America.

President of Russia
The President of Russia is the political leader of Russia.

Hillary Rodham Clinton
Hillary Diane Rodham Clinton  is the junior United States Senator from New York and President-elect Barack Obama's nominee for United States Secretary of State.

Ilia
Ilia is one of 51 prefectures of Greece.

Georges Brassens
Georges Brassens  was a french singer and songwriter.

Edip Yuksel
Edip Yüksel  used to be a student of Rashad Khalifa and used to be a member of the United Submitters International, which is an Islamic group that was made by the controversial Khalifa.

Hodgenville, Kentucky
Hodgenville, Kentucky is a town in the American state of Kentucky.

AC/DC
AC/DC is a hard rock band from Australia.

São Tomé and Príncipe
The Democratic Republic of São Tomé and Príncipe is a small island nation in the Gulf of Guinea.

Disney Channel
Disney Channel is a cable television network that is owned by The Walt Disney Company.

North and South
North and South is a novel by John Jakes.

Loreto Region
Loreto is Peru's most northern region.

Bismuth
Bismuth is a metal.

Pinocchio
Pinocchio is a made up story person that first was told and printed in 1883, in the book "The Adventures of Pinocchio" by Carlo Collodi.

Phylum
A Phylum  is the second highest rank used in the biological taxonomy of all organisms.

Chipmunk
A chipmunk is a small squirrel-like rodent.

Ritual
A Ritual  is a set of actions people do.

John the Apostle
Saint John was one of the twelve apostles of Jesus who is believed to have written the one of the four gospels of the New Testament of the Christian Bible that is named after him.

Elle Macpherson
Elle Macpherson  is an Australian supermodel and actress.

Kookaburra Sport
Kookaburra Sport is an Australian company named after an Australian bird related to the kingfisher, which eats snakes and is, therefore, very valuable to the Australians.

Alkmene
Alkmene is a person in Greek mythology.

Medusa (animal)
A Medusa  is one of two forms of certain animals that live in the water.

Haiphong
Haiphong  is a city in the north of Vietnam.

Crown-of-thorns starfish
The Crown-of-thorns Starfish  is a type of sea star.

Pacific Islands
Pacific Islands are islands that are in the Pacific Ocean.

Vaquita
Vaquita  is a rare type of porpoise.

Mud
Mud is a mixture of soil, dirt and water.

Jons Jacob Berzelius
Jöns Jakob Berzelius  was a Swedish chemist.

K2
K2 is the second highest mountain in the world.

Gran Colombia
Gran Colombia was a country that was created by Simon Bolivar.

Great Fire of London
The Great Fire Of London was a tragedy that happened in London, England in 1666.

Spike Spiegel
Spike Speigel is the main character in the Japanese anime television show, Cowboy Bebop.

Nu metal
Nu metal is a style of metal music that uses elements of hip hop and heavy metal music.

Orange (fruit)
An orange is a type of citrus fruit which people often eat.

Moat
A moat is a body of water around a castle to keep out bad people.

Smash (album)
"Smash" is one of The Offspring's most successful albums.

Scone, Perth and Kinross
Scone  is a town in Perth and Kinross, Scotland.

Nakhodka
Nakhodka  is a port city in Primorsky Krai, Russia.

Paul Stanley (album)
Paul Stanley is a solo album from the guitarist of the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss.

Joachim Löw
Joachim "Jogi" Löw  is a former German footballer.

Communication Studies
Communication Studies is a college or university area of study involving the study of communication.

2029
2029  will be a common year starting on Monday of the Gregorian calendar.

Bruges
Bruges  is a city in the north-west of Belgium.

John Collins
John Collins  is a Scottish footballer.

Lusaka
Lusaka is the capital of Zambia.

Piston
In general, a piston is a lubricated sliding shaft that fits tightly inside the opening of a cylinder.

Manny Gamburyan
Manvel Gamburyan  is a mixed martial artist with a history in judo.

Petros Duryan
Petros Duryan  an Armenian poet and actor.

Hadith
The word hadith means any report or collection of something the Prophet Muhammed either said or did.

Magnetosphere
A magnetosphere is the region around an astronomical object, like a planet.

Thebes, Greece
Thebes is a city in Greece.

Elegance
Elegance is the attribute of being unusually effective and simple.

General Motors railway station, Melbourne
General Motors Railway Station was a railway station in Melbourne, Australia.

Escopetarra
An "escopetarra" is a guitar made from a rifle; it is used as a symbol of peace.

Hittites
The Hittites were an ancient people from Kaneš who spoke an Indo-European language, and established a kingdom centered at Hattusa  in north-central Anatolia from the 18th century BC.

Westdeutscher Rundfunk
The Westdeutscher Rundfunk  is a German public-broadcasting institution based in the Federal State of North Rhine-Westphalia with its main office in Cologne.

Kirkwood gap
Kirkwood gaps are gaps or dips in the asteroid belt with semi-major axis , as seen in the.

Fluid mechanics
Fluid mechanics is the study of how fluids move and the forces on them.

Phoenicia
Phoenicia was a civilization in the north part of Canaan, the holy land for Christians and Jews.

